#README
This project was completed by Andrew Swiniarski, Vivek Kshatriya, Lily Bryan, and Tim Baier

The issue we looked to solve was a wine store that wanted to make sure they did not lose out on customers buying from their store.
This was completed by creating a membership system that adjusted the stock of the wines in the store so the overall loss from turning away customers
was not very high, while at the same time maintaining the same or better revenue.

Here is the video explaining our project: 

#Business Understanding
This tutorial will be focusing on the data science process behind a wine business. 
It is first important to understand how exactly a wine shop works. 
There are many costs involved in opening a wine shop:
Building lease: $30,000 - $50,000
Administration: $20,000
Salaries: $80,000 - $150,000
Tastings: $3,000 - $5,000
Inventory: $25,000 - $50,000
Marketing: $5,000 - $25,000
There are also rules regarding who exactly can buy wine  - every state in the US requires wine stores to ID customers for age verification. 
Since it is illegal to sell alcohol to anyone under the age of 21, wine stores must target adults as their ideal customers.
Wine stores make money by buying wine at wholesale or discount pricing and marking them up to sell to customers. 
Customers are charged a price per bottle and sometimes offered discounts based on volume purchases. 
For example, a wine store might sell a case of wine (12 bottles) at a discount. 
A wine store can start out as owner-operated and stay that way forever (for the most part). 
However, entrepreneurs who want to grow and expand find it difficult to operate without an administrative team with a background in accounting and bookkeeping. 
Profit margins on alcohol can be extremely thin due to wine being heavily regulated.

#Data Understanding


#Data Preperation
Within the data set, we selected 10 wines at random to use as the model for a store. 
These ten wines would then be given random prices and a random number of bottles in stock for the store. 
Additionally, the ten wines selected would have their sugar content pulled to see if people like sweeter wines or not. 
This data will be used in the simulation for the store's membership program.

#Modeling and Evaluating
The code is linked in the GitHub for a Python file. Download the file into Google Colab. 
After that, go to http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/wine-quality/
Download the two data files titled: winequality_white.csv and redquality_red.csv. 
The python code's names for each file may need to be adjusted directly to run correctly.
This can be adjusted on lines 5 and 6 of the python file. 
After this, run the python code and see how the membership program works for different simulations.

This simulation is ran on the basis that there is one specific wine that is more popular than others, giving it a higher probability to be bought. After looking at one trial
of the simulation, the discount program is implemented and the most popular wine is given a 5% discount and extra stock, along with the next two most popular wines (one red and one white)
giving them a 5% discount. Every 14 trials, emulating 2 weeks total, the discount process would reset and the two most popular wines, one red and one white, are given a
5% discount and more stock, with the other wines decreasing in stock to make up. Additionally, every time a wine is selected for a discount, the probability that the wines
will be bought are adjusted. This emulates the desire for people to buy discounted products and how the store can read the market's actions using discounted products.

When running this program, it is evident that the revenue stays mostly the same, but the loss of revenue from turnaways decreases dramatically. 
This program keeps track of key metrics for any wine store to look at new insights including revenue, loss, number of reds and whites sold, and average sugar in each wine.

#Deployment
This membership system could be implemented in any liqour store to see what wines or any bottle are being understocked and overstocked.
It makes inventory more efficient and they waste less bottles of wine.
